{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2706
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Company #1 [AppFolio]\
\
The company is located at Santa Barbara, California. The main product of the company is property management software, and investment management software. The company is led by the co-founder CTO with focus on improving the vertical depth of product excellent. \
\
There are multiple front-end, back-end, web ops position open currently, with competitive pay. The company historically has the quota to hire diverse group of employees, and been noted as women IT career supporter in the past.\
\
\
Company #2 [ServiceNow]\
\
The company is located at Santa Clara, California, which is currently planning on expanding the existence in the central region, speaking of workforce. The company produce business functional software, and supports 80% Fortune 500 companies currently. It is led by the formal SAP CEO, and the aim is to work with all other businesses.\
\
Currently, the company is focusing on cloud engineer hires, with headcount potentially coming at Q1 2023.\
\
\
Company  #3 [Riot]\
\
The company is located at Los Angeles, California. The company recently shifted the focus to both targeting E-sports and media production. UI and UX are the main openings in the past, and passion is key in the hiring process.}